# Vendors Guide

## Learn and Teach
We provide a convenient teaching interface for you to learn
our system without worrying that you'll mess something up.
We recommend that you read this guide fully and then follow
the link to try things out there first.

You will use the teach interface to gain confidence with our
system and then to teach your staff how to receive and
validate DebitTab vouchers (gift certificates). You can also
enable your managers or shift leaders to use the teach
interface to train employees in remote stores directly and
in-person.

Here's how to get started:

### Logging in
Simply navigate to https://teach.debittab.com and log in
with the same username and password you use on the main
DebitTab app (provided to you on signup). The orange border
and header are there to make sure you always know when
you're working in the teach interface without having to
check the url.

![Login (teach interface)](/_media/screens/teach/login.jpg ':class=screen')

?> Please note that everything you do in the teach interface
is sandboxed from the main system with the exception of
changing your login email address or password from the
settings menu. Because you use the same details for teach as
for the real system, changing one will always change the
other as well.

### Creating an offering
To create an offering simply scroll down or close the menu
and click *Console* in the top-level navigation bar. The
console is where you'll do the majority of your
administrative work on DebitTab.

Once you're on the console dashboard click *Create Offering*
in the second-level navigation bar.

![Create offering](/_media/screens/teach/create_offering.jpg ':class=screen')

Here you can specify the details of your offering, for a
preview of how your offering will appear, to give context,
please see the next section.

### Viewing your offering on the marketplace
In the top-level navigation bar select *Marketplace* to see
your offering the way issuers will see it.

![Marketplace (teach interface)](/_media/screens/teach/marketplace.jpg ':class=screen')

?> Please note that in the teach interface you will only see
your own offerings and not those of other vendors. This
allows you to upload "messy" or incomplete test offerings
and not worry about it.

As you can see each market offering is shown with the name
of the offering vendor, followed by the name given to the
offering, and the description you provided. Additionally if
a discount is offered a special callout is shown. To see the
full details of an offering simply click the *Details*
button.

### Offering details
Here you will find the details of your offering, including a
breakdown of the your business's locations. At the bottom of
the page, only while you're using the teach interface, you
will find three buttons (with orange teach-mode borders).
These buttons allow you to simulate the process of a
DebitTab issuer business giving out your voucher so that you
can practice redeeming it.

![details (teach interface)](/_media/screens/teach/details.jpg ':class=screen')
![teach issuance](/_media/screens/teach/issue_teach.jpg ':class=screen')

The first button will issue a new voucher normally; the
second will create a voucher that's already expired, so you
or your staff can see what that will look like; the third
creates a voucher that has already been redeemed.

Once you create one of these vouchers you can simply save or
bookmark the link to reference it again later. It will live
on forever (within the confines of the teach interface).

Normal (unexpired, unredeemed) vouchers will expire when
their expiry time is reached.

?> The expiry time will be the maximum expiry time that you
allowed when creating the offering.

By using these *synthetic* vouchers you can teach your staff
to redeem valid vouchers and alsp how to react to expired or
previously redeemed vouchers.

Once the voucher has been redeemed, it cannot be redeemed
again and a new *synthetic voucher* will have to be created.

### Redeeming vouchers
*So what do you do when a customer comes in with a DebitTab
voucher?*

Whether the customer brings in a printed voucher or simply
presents the voucher on a phone or tablet the process is
identical:

* **Step One:** Verify that the url bar says debittab.com and
that it is not some other site pretending to be debittab.

* **Step Two:** Scroll to the QR code, located at the bottom
of the page.

* **Step Three:** Scan the QR code with your own phone or a
company-owned device like a phone, tablet, iPad, etc.

![Redeem (teach interface)](/_media/screens/teach/redeem.jpg ':class=screen')

* **Step Four:** Press the redeem button.

* **Step Five:** Scan or type in your company's confirmation
phrase. The phrase is not case sensitive and will allow
missing or extra *space* characters but must otherwise be
entered accurately. You can also press the "scan" button and
scan the phrase from a pre-printed QR code for convenience.

?> Let us know if you want us to prepare a QR code of your
confirmation code in the correct format. You can then have
this code printed on stickers or laminated cards to make it
easier for your staff to accept vouchers.

![Confirm redemption](/_media/screens/teach/confirm.jpg ':class=screen')

* **Step Six:** Press confirm and verify that the system has
returned the correct *return phrase,* and then provide
services and products up to the denomination of the voucher.

* **Step Seven:** Optionally, and only within the teach
interface, press the orange-bordered re-issue button to
issue a new, valid, unredeemed voucher, in order to run the
exercise again or train the next staff-member.

## The live system
Now that you know how to use DebitTab you're ready to move
over to [the live system](https://app.debittab.com) at
https://app.debittab.com

?> As you can see, the live system does not have the orange
dashed border and other teach-mode callouts.

## Getting paid out
DebitTab pays vendors twice per month, 15 days in arrears.
This means that you will be paid for any vouchers you have
redeemed 15-31 days after redemption. Payments are made by
e-transfer or cheque in Canada and ACF or check in the USA.

?> Please note that if you are owed less than $100 on the
day payments are being made this amount will be *rolled
over* to the next payment cycle to save both us and you
accounting expense and transaction and handling fees.

## Integration with point-of-sale systems
DebitTab integrates easily with restaurant management and
point-of-sale systems, of both traditional and
*tablet-and-app* designs.

Adding DebitTab as a payment method is usually a simple
matter of configuration. Generally in a setup or settings
menu there will be a way to add *external* or *custom*
payment methods, such as you would in order to offer your
own gift cards or certificates. If you have trouble setting
up your system, ask your DebitTab sales agent or email
support@debittab.com with as much information about your
system as possible (brand, model, etc.) and we'll look into
it.

### Specific systems we know about
Links to documentation we have found for vendors will be
collected here. If these links go out of date please let us
know at support@debittab.com

#### Touch Bistro
<!-- TODO link here -->
